# Stacking Boxes

## Problem statement

A box D = (d1, d2, ..., dn) nests in a box E = (e1, e2, ..., en) if there is
some rearrangement of D such that when rearranged each dimension is less than
the corresponding dimension in box E. This loosely corresponds to turning box D
to see if it will fit in box E. However, since any rearrangement suffices, box
D can be contorted, not just turned (see examples below).

For example, the box D = (2,6) nests in the box E = (7,3) since D can be
rearranged as (6,2) so that each dimension is less than the corresponding
dimension in E. The box D = (9,5,7,3) does NOT nest in the box E = (2,10,6,8)
since no rearrangement of D results in a box that satisfies the nesting
property, but F = (9,5,7,1) does nest in box E since F can be rearranged as
(1,9,5,7) which nests in E. 

**The Input**

The input consists of a series of box sequences. Each box sequence begins with
a line consisting of the the number of boxes k in the sequence followed by the
dimensionality of the boxes, n (on the same line.)

This line is followed by k lines, one line per box with the n measurements of
each box on one line separated by one or more spaces.

There may be several box sequences in the input file. Your program should
process all of them and determine, for each sequence, which of the k boxes
determine the longest nesting string and the length of that nesting string (the
number of boxes in the string).

In this problem the maximum dimensionality is 10 and the minimum dimensionality
is 1. The maximum number of boxes in a sequence is 30.

**The Output**

For each box sequence in the input file, output the length of the longest
nesting string on one line followed on the next line by a list of the boxes
that comprise this string in order. The "smallest" or "innermost" box of
the nesting string should be listed first, the next box (if there is one)
should be listed second, etc.

The boxes should be numbered according to the order in which they appeared in
the input file (first box is box 1, etc.).

If there is more than one longest nesting string then any one of them can be
output.

## Sample

**Input**

    5 2
    3 7
    8 10
    5 2
    9 11
    21 18
    8 6
    5 2 20 1 30 10
    23 15 7 9 11 3
    40 50 34 24 14 4
    9 10 11 12 13 14
    31 4 18 8 27 17
    44 32 13 19 41 19
    1 2 3 4 5 6
    80 37 47 18 21 9

**Output**

    5
    3 1 2 4 5
    4
    7 2 5 6

## References



